Goal Tracker
#### Video Demo:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6i-OHwPOafI
#### Description: To resume, this project is a goal tracker to regist our life goals and then regist the reinforcements that we made over the months. It's basically a flask app that relys on a sqlite3 database, that have a log in page, and a log out option or even a register page if it's the first time that the user is accessing the content. After the register, there is a series of validations to ensure that username and password is correctly inserted and regist the data in the users table, encrypting the password via a hash process. Then you have 4 options: see your goals, regist a new goal, see your reinforcements and regist your reinforcement. The goals page is just a table with the description, type of the goal, remaining amount to complete and the total invested, showing also the status - incompleted or completed. The new goal page is to regist a new goal, inserting a description type and amount needed. The reinforcements page will show all the reinforcements made over the years and also give you the possibility to filter this reinforcements by month to show with more detail the achievements of a specific month. Lastly, you have the new reinforcement page where you can regist a new reinforcement and make sure that you assign it to a goal and a month to then be redirect to the page goals. Future work of this app resides on the fact that we should stop showing a goal in dropdown that is already completed and make a new filter to order with a new field called priority to sort the goals in the new table according to the priority assigned. I decided to make this new project because it will help me daily in this first phase of professional life. This app has also the particularity of after some reinforcement check if the value needed, decided on the introduction of the goal it was guaranteed and so change the status to completed. Code breakdown:
I've imported the necessary libraries and defined a Flask application. I've configured the application to use the session and a SQLite database. Additionally, I've created a list of months that will be used later in the application. To ensure that responses aren't cached, I've defined an after_request function that sets the appropriate headers.
I've also created a route, "/", which displays a list of goals for logged-in users. Users can see their goals and track their progress through this route. Additionally, I've set up a route, "/reinforcement," that allows users to view their reinforcements, and they have the option to filter them by month. This feature makes it easier for users to keep track of their progress and reinforcement activities.
I've implemented routes for creating new goals and reinforcements. Users can set their goals and specify their type, value, and status. Reinforcements can also be added, contributing to the progress of their goals. This way, users can actively work towards achieving their goals.
Finally, there are routes for user registration, login, and logout. Users can register to create an account, log in to access their personalized data, and log out to secure their account. These features make the application user-friendly and secure.
